c:\users\mndev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\NBL.Webservice.Tests.dll
c:\users\mndev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\NBL.Webservice.Tests.pdb
c:\users\mndev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
c:\users\mndev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\NBL.Webservice.Framework.dll
c:\users\mndev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\NBL.WebService.Service.dll
c:\users\mndev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\mndev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\NBL.Webservice.DataAccess.dll
c:\users\mndev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\NBL.WebService.Domain.dll
c:\users\mndev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mndev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\NBL.Webservice.Framework.pdb
c:\users\mndev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\NBL.WebService.Service.pdb
c:\users\mndev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\Autofac.pdb
c:\users\mndev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
c:\users\mndev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\mndev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\NBL.Webservice.DataAccess.pdb
c:\users\mndev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\NBL.WebService.Domain.pdb
c:\users\mndev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mndev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\obj\Debug\NBL.Webservice.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mndev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\obj\Debug\NBL.Webservice.Tests.dll
c:\users\mndev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\obj\Debug\NBL.Webservice.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\MNdev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\NUnit.VisualStudio.TestAdapter.dll
C:\Users\MNdev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.dll
C:\Users\MNdev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Mdb.dll
C:\Users\MNdev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Pdb.dll
C:\Users\MNdev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Rocks.dll
C:\Users\MNdev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.core.dll
C:\Users\MNdev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.core.interfaces.dll
C:\Users\MNdev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.util.dll
C:\Users\MNdev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\NBL.Webservice.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\MNdev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
C:\Users\MNdev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.pdb
C:\Users\MNdev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.dll
C:\Users\MNdev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.api.dll
C:\Users\MNdev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\MNdev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\MNdev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\MNdev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\MNdev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\MNdev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\MNdev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\MNdev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\MNdev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\MNdev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\MNdev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\MNdev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\MNdev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\MNdev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\MNdev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBL.Webservice\NBL.Webservice.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
